Dragon King, how do you feel?
Wait a minute, you keep it for me.
Miss Li, I was careless this time.
What is the responsibility of not following the Dragon King to the administrative organization?
Dragons are ready to be punished.
Nonsense, what qualifies you not to be punished?
You protect the Dragon King like this.
I'm the one who wiped her herself.
Don't blame him.
I didn't let him go.
20,000 to be punished.
The Dragon King has been so gracious to me, I can't preserve it all my life.
How dare you involve yourself?
If it wasn t for the sake of the Dragon King, I would cancel you today.
I am announcing on behalf of the organization and polite.
Let's go to Africa and dig rocks.
I will take over the job of protecting the Dragon King.
Already written.
Did you pee quickly?
I don't want the story.
Dragon King, I'll be right back.
Hurry up!
The second one investigated clearly.
When you're passionate about the trial
It is the enemy who reveals the news to the enemy.
His sister and sister were humiliated.
Sure? 100%.
Ip Than
You hypocritical little man.
Don't blame me for being unkind.
If you want to be nice, don't let me down.
Don t always say, Father, you ve come, haha, father of the Tang family, father of the Tang family, xin chào, xin chào.
There you are.
So I friend
Okay, I only have this last name.
There's the prince's demeanor.
Is your son itchy?
Oh, what's going on?
Uncle Tang.
You're here.
Hello, I've spoken to my brother.
I'll find you guys to play later.
Take me to see someone.
Why is it so mysterious?
So...
Go.
Sister, I brought it for you.